the story follows the adventures of
ethan kendrick jason bear
charged in his childhood by the
enigmatic jack robert forster
to protect the ue jew an individual who
had been born
able to change an emoji chosen by heaven
into a celestial dragon
from a corrupt emoji identified as
bariki who was prevented from obtaining
it in the past by ethan and jack's
previous incarnations
[Music]
[Applause]
to this end jack gives ethan a medallion
formerly belonging to ethan's previous
incarnation harem
and reveals that the reincarnated uh is
sarah daniels
amanda brooks whom ethan will find in
los angeles
fifteen years after this revelation
bariki invades the city
bent on capturing sarah whereupon ethan
now a television news anchor
rescues her conveys the knowledge of her
purpose and attempts to save her from
beriki
during which they eventually regain the
memories of their past lives
during the resulting chase beriki's
atrox army enters the city and engages
the united states army
the united states air force and the los
angeles police department in battle
here the atrox army is shown to consist
of black armored
humanoid night warriors theropod-like
cavalry called shakons
small winged western dragons called
bulkos and
immense slow-moving reptiles carrying
rocket launchers on their backs
identified in the dialogue as doddlers
despite losses
this army overwhelms the human forces
while ethan
and sarah escape the city
[Music]
but are subsequently captured by the
bulkos and taken to a menacing fortress
in the midst of a darkened desert
landscape
there as bariki emerges from the
fortress to consume sarah
ethan's medallion unleashes power that
destroys the atrox army
ethan then attempts to prevent buriki
from consuming sarah
but he is knocked away whereupon the
good emoji of whom the power in sarah
was to be given
emerges from the fortress and attacks
bariki the two emoji
good and evil engage each other in a
duel that bariki appears to win after
seemingly snapping the good emoji's neck
after this bariki again approaches sarah
who finally offers herself willingly but
instead gives her power to the injured
good emoji who absorbs it
sarah faints and bariki can do nothing
as the good emoji becomes the celestial
dragon
continuing the duel until it finally
destroys bariki
[Music]
after bariki is destroyed ethan watches
sarah dissolve into a spirit form
and the celestial dragon permits her to
speak to ethan whom she assures that
they shall see
each other again and promises to love
for all eternity
then withdraws sarah into its body and
ascends into the sky
through the parting clouds to the
heavens jack appears behind ethan
reminding him that the two of them have
been given a great honor to take part in
this transformation
and vanishes after whispering goodbye
old man
ethan walks away into the desert